---
layout: post
title: "Deer Spotting"
date: 2022-07-07 13:33:51
categories: vrview
image_url: bear_spotting_2.jpg
is_image_360: true
default_yaw: 0
thumbnail: bear_spotting_2_th.jpg
youtube_id: iTLVdQatguc
description: Deer Spotting
---
After that I started to watch the embankement diligently. About 20 minutes later I spotted a scene which was almost out of a postcard: for just a fraction of a second I got a glimpse of a large buck with a huge antler, he was sitting way down the embankement about 20 yards away at a tree, the terrain aroudn him was mostly shaded but just the spot where he was sitting was lit up by a tunnel of sunshine rays. It was out of this world! He had a few deer around him. It was so quick glimpse that I was harboring it for some seconds when I processed it fully and asked Steve to turn around and drop me off so I can possibly find the view.
I jogged back carefully on the side of the road, and finally I magically saw the buck again, still sitting in that holy sun spot light. My 360 camera is very prominent though, animals could interpret the lens as a large eye, and the buck surely haven't seen one, so after I tried to record the buck decided to move. I'm sad that I intruded into the life of that majestic creature and disturbed them. Hopefully I haven't caused much disturbance and I also hope that they are visible in the recording int he distance.
Due to the circumstances I was not able to snap a still photo, so the still photo for this entry is from the bear spotting. The video is also more shaky than usual.